(DOCSP-32271) Adds Atlas CTA to several Node.js pages (#781)
mongodb/docs-node: source/includes/fact-atlas-compatible.rst

> You can connect using the Node.js driver and |page-topic| for

Reviewer: I: To avoid "using" and also make this a little clearer, I'd go with something like this:

```suggestion
You can use the {+driver-short+} to connect and |page-topic| for
```
